---
layout: post
title:  "Week 00: Getting Started"
date:   2018-08-15
categories: devlog
---

Hey there. I’m Casey. I’ve wanted to make games for a long time, but I’ve never gotten serious about it. I’ve done a few game jams, but I’ve never done a project that was more ambitious than about a week’s worth of work. Earlier this year, I started working on what I hope will become my first full commercial release game.

So far, progress has been slow. I have a full-time day job and am not great at finding the time and energy to make steady forward motion happen on side projects. I can hack something small out in a focused weekend, but to date, I haven’t completed any longer-term projects.

I’ve thought a lot about what habits I can build to make my side projects more successful, and I think keeping a weekly dev log will encourage me to be consistent. I’m hoping that the awareness that I have to publish an update each week will help to keep me focused on making real forward progress. It’s worth a shot, at least!


## Why is it week 00?
If I’ve been working on this game for a while already, why is today week 00? It’s psychological. I’m pretty bummed out about how little progres I’ve made since starting this project, so I want to have sort of a clean break. I’m not going to throw out the work that I have done already, but I want to approach things from now on with a new mindset, and starting the time count over will help me do that.


## Let’s get started
And with that, it’s time to go do some work on my game. Thanks for joining me here. I’m excited to show you how things go.
